I remember when I was a little girl.
My grandmother and I would often go to a nearby temple to worship.
What I disliked the most was looking at the gods inside the temple.
Their faces looked so fierce, stern and cold.
Those hideous statues made me feel very uncomfortable.
Many years later, when I had a family of my own, I really wanted to know God.
But I didn't know how.
My heart was very empty and I felt life had no meaning.
One day, on a quiet afternoon, I sat by the window and looked up at the sky.
At that moment, I prayed, oh Lord, God, where are you?
Do you exist?
Please tell me.
Not long after that, the doorbell rang.
I went to open the door and I saw a woman, a missionary.
On that very day, I accepted a Bible study.
I learned that Jesus had a purpose in coming to the earth.
He came as God's representative, the way Jesus treated people.
He was so humble and full of love and tenderness.
He was merciful and compassionate and he loved justice.
So that made me think about what I saw in the temple when I was little.
Compared to those scary, stern and cold statues, the difference was like night and day.
I decided to become one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
By coming to know Jesus, I have come to know the best, most loving Father in the world,
Jehovah God.
I have become more positive and my life is full of meaning.
So when I go out to preach, I really hope that everyone can learn these precious truths
like I have and that all can enjoy a happy, healthy life, beautiful paradise earth forever.
I welcome and encourage all to come and learn this precious truth.